# 2024 UW-Madison Open Source Program Office Survey

In Spring 2024 the [Open Source Program Office at UW-Madison](https://ospo.wisc.edu/) distributed an open source survey to gauge the usage of open source tools among members of the university community, identify open source projects under development, and to collect feedback on improving the open source environment at UW-Madison. This repo is for a [Quarto site](https://quarto.org/) for summarizing and presenting results from the survey.

This site uses the [UW Quarto site template](https://github.com/UW-Madison-DSI/uw_quarto_site_template). University theming can be customized using the `custom.scss` and `setup.R` files. Plot theming is generally handled in `setup.R`. Other customizations, such as highlighting specific open source tools in response plots, are handled in the appropriate page files (such as `usage.qmd`).

### Building the Site On GitHub Pages

Quarto sites can be deployed to GitHub Pages either by 1) rendering the site locally and pushing the updated repo to GitHub with Pages set to deploy the site from the `docs` directory or 2) by using GitHub Actions to render the site when pushing updates to the repo. See [Quarto's documentation on deploying Quarto sites to GitHub Pages](https://quarto.org/docs/publishing/github-pages.html#publish-command) for more detail.

This repo is currently configured to use GitHub Actions to deploy the site. If you want to render locally and deploy the site, no changes or extra actions to the files in this repo are required: simply render the site using the Quarto (`quarto render` in terminal to build the site files in `docs`), then push your changes to GitHub and set Pages to deploy the site from the `docs` directory. If you want to use GitHub Actions to deploy your site, run `quarto publish gh-pages` once locally and then push the new `gh-pages` branch to remote. See [Quarto's documentation](https://quarto.org/docs/publishing/github-pages.html#github-action) for more details.